Hello everyone and welcome to the second
video tutorial on this today
we will see the precise to go up and down
here we go
finding myself physically impossible
I will leave you in the expert hands of nicolas
indeed in the foot experts as a premise
obviously you will have to go to concern
the first video on the precise to see
how to land on the stack all oo
you will have to have it memorized
what you did true let's start
so with the precision to go up there
I recommend starting from the ground looking
an obstacle that gradually rises like
you see in the video so you can
make higher and higher jumps up to
where do you feel the important thing either
precision to rise and the explosiveness of the
arms obviously have to push
even more than on a precise abnormal
before passing accuracy down
I advise you to warm yourself well on those
to rise and to prepare the ankles ad
a heavier landing
as for those to climb also for
those to get off of board of
start the earth
the best solution as you see in
video would place an object on one
distance to you and try to
land on your side trying to
keep landing
I recommend you always land with the
tips as in the first video removed
then gradually the obstacle trying to
make longer and more difficult jumps
always pay attention to your ankles because
going further afield
the landing will be heavier
when you feel you are masters of
landings movement you can
move to separate obstacles
I recommend a key part of the
accuracy to come down and not jump into
high
it might seem silly but many do
this error to go down
they jump high just stick out vi
always towards the obstacle without leaving
the weight of the shoulders back
now he's the sborone
with the excuse that he must show you how
the precise all are made
see you then at the next video with
the inaccurate ranks and series precision
never said spiders specify trani precise
I know ugly
this is the first outdoor tutorial
this appeal closed